well we're here along the river New York
County one of the dams has drawn down
the water to check out the dam and as a
result the shoreline has been exposed
now unfortunately most of it's covered
in mud but there are some spots where
you can find artifacts the rocks that
you see there are part of the canal
system so you can't find too many
artifacts here but we'll try and show
you where you can this is looking
downstream towards the dam again all the
rocks you see are part of the canal
system so the artifacts that are going
to be washed out or going to be on
either side as rocky pile of course
there's a lot of stuff great under the
stones of the canal but unfortunately
it's gonna take a while for the to wash
out if ever so let's continue and see
what we can see this is one of the areas
where we have a chance to find something
the whole of the canal is out in this
area and the land back here is all the
original land from here up towards
filled-in along the road so basically
this area has artifacts in it as you can
see most are covered by mud but if you
run into a spot such as this you can see
that the
water has washed away some of the mud
off of it and if anything happens to be
laying there
it could be found you can also see the
original soil which is being washed
exposed so we'll look around in this
area for a while let's see if we can
find anything well here's a works toment
rather easy to see the way it was banged
on so at least the larger things can be
seen in the mud well I just started
scratching around a likely-looking spot
for a scratching sound popped a point
missing the base so there's stuff here
it's just that it's covered with the mud
and needs a little bit of work to be
exposed well this is another usually
good spot but unfortunately as you can
see mud is very much covering everything
the material from the canal appears on
the left and the mushy mud area is where
this stuff normally can be found I doubt
if we were going to be able to find
anything at least take a look this again
looking down street this was a very good
area through here in the past well by
shape
I do recognize something that looks like
a work piece might have been working it
into a salt or something like that not
much but there's stuff here some more
people doing some surface hunting in the
mud
I just got a scratch keep looking
stuffs near if you're lucky enough to
find it
come up wanted
Matt no that's definitely a flake it
looks like yeah this I'm handle right in
here right there's a spot right here
well I worked on courts and I found this
Reilly piece under the tree over there
that's right I tried scratching holes
down there and didn't even have any luck
today
you know scratching in those low spots
right nothing that's
where's Frank no gap that's quartz flake
what what you got it point I'm finding
flakes all over right here Carl quartz
ones and rhyolite right in here I don't
know what it is it's just right in this
one spot here just keep hitting stuff we
got a flake that's a definite flake
right there no doubt well I think I had
enough of the mud and dirt for today
wasn't quite what I was expecting and
hoping for but he's got some exercise
that's some fun
well got back home and washed up or two
fines for the day not very certain point
three four more started a shelter since
you were the tool